readme: update `list libraries` (#164)
mhep-transition/mhep-django: README.md

GET /libraries/
```

List a collection of libraries (and their library items) that is either:

> a) a gloabl library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a) a global library
```

b) a library that belongs to me,

> b) a library belonging to an organisations I'm a member of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
c) a library belonging to an organisation I'm a member of
```

[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "Jane's fabric elements",
        "type": "elements",

>         "data": {

Reviewer: why the change from `items` to `data` ? which is correct?

Author: `data` is correct. I only noticed when looking at the response!
